I can't pump my shoes, pair my shoes,
You have a foundation and I already take care of my family.
Just to serve as a blood bank for four days.
No, it’s not that I don’t want to take off my shoes, I really do.
Just listen to me, four days is the same day tomorrow.
It doesn't matter what it is.
I'll draw, Xiaoxun, you can't draw Xiaoxun's blood.
Regardless, Xiaoxun’s blood cannot be drawn.
He came to see a doctor because he felt unwell today.
I said, you can't do anything for four days.
Cherish what you have today
willing to be sad
Even if I want to worry, I have to worry about my son
What's the point?
It’s a pity that the contract price is too high, Gu’s family
dead or alive
Our Gu family has the final say
I can't smell him as a vegetable seller making the final decision.
It’s not that I won’t come to Yiyuan